hmm all right hello so on our last
meeting I introduced it as the either
November 17th or 18th and I was so busy
just debating the 17th and 18th I didn't
notice it was April so today I think
it's April 25th and this is our promo
school weekly call and Olli is going to
show us the full robot stuff he built
this robot alone so I was talking to
Terry and Yoko and they were like oh now
you can take a solutions button Britta
school and I have an open pool request
that updates ipfs JSL peepers to the
latest release and Teri's been asking me
if it's safe to merge and I was like I
don't know it's just the latest like
this um which is not great I should know
whether it works or not
but it's the kind of thing that if I
click around the site then I've done the
work once but then will want to update
you so give s again and I don't want to
have to click around the site again to
know whether I broke everything so roll
in the joys of automated end to end war
ok integration testing where I'm just
trying out using a tool called Cypress
and it basically lets you run the site
in a fake browser and make some
assertions it uses a robot to make like
click around the site and you write code
that looks a bit like maka unit test
kind of code but you're saying things
like ok open up this page find this link
in that page click it you should then go
to the next page all right now if you
like what you should do is then find a
few solution link in that page you
should click it you should wait a few
seconds in the neutral to submit that
response and it should be successful and
it should take it so if we had a script
that could do that that would be so
around well is the earth is one it's
it's gonna get better
but it's runnable today and what this
code is saying is go visit the basics
and submit the solution but me saying
that it does that it's no good what if
what if we could run it
what if we could stop there and run this
one and it opens a browser and it very
quickly navigates to the basic and it
jumps there and it doesn't solution only
this gets us a class and it comes the
next one better
so what's fun about Cyprus is it lets
you out roll back in time so you can see
all the steps that it took to say that
so it came to the basics jumping off
page and it found this link to the first
lesson in a clique day and it asserted
that the URL changed correctly which is
kind of abundant but hey expects to have
gone to the first lesson specs to find a
view solutions button expected to be
able to click it and then it expects
that the reset button will become
visible
I think about it's better this is how it
kind of knows that the editor the
problem with the browser testing is
everything is asynchronous and you're
always kind of waiting for the browser
to do the thing so we click the view
solution and then we wait for the reset
button to appear because that's what I'm
using as much signal that the editors
updated and then we're looking for a
submit answer button submit and we click
it and think we're then expecting to
click on the next one so I'm not
expecting to be taken to the next fax
now that works we can fill it out so
that it does all of the basics lessons
and make it run in seei
so that when we push changes we'll know
that the basic courses are working and
then I'll have to do the hard work of
proving a file yeah that could come
later
is it like are you telling it the first
page to go like fill landing page to go
to and then it is determining whether
there is a next listen just by the
clicking can you see the code yes so the
code is saying like go visit this URL
and then the test is saying you should
be able to click on a link to the first
person and so
if it doesn't find a link to the first
lesson on the basics page then the test
will fail which i think would be a
sensible yes it's then ascertain that
the URL changes to that next year oh it
is kind of redundant because we just
clicked on the link to make it go there
but whatever and then it's just clicking
on named links so what I've done is to D
couple it from we may choose to change
the wording of some things along the way
these are kind of like jQuery style
selectors so what I've done is I've
sprinkled in some data - CY attributes
around the code base so we know that
these are tributes are used for the
integration testing data so we're free
to change the language we're free to
change the styling we're not using any
of those things - there's the hooks so
that's just a best practice
recommendation from the Cypress Doc's no
don't don't bind it to things that you
might want to change that don't change
the meaning of your tests but yeah
that's the Nugget so the theory is okay
that's working in CI so that we can then
merge pr's like upgrade to J's okay
that's without worrying if it breaks the
site or not because the dissidents the I
guess the reason I was asking the
question is I'm thinking about whether
the new structure of like the courses
JSON would help you like make it iterate
through every lesson that exists yep I'm
certainly planning on making that
programmatic not yeah something that we
have to update to keep in sync
yeah I'd like to make it do all lessons
that exist that will get follow when
some of them are file listens but I just
have to figure out you know your friends
yeah we have had I mean it's not
it's definitely not as simple as like oh
it's the new version of IPs works it
works here because we have had things
where it was like some old version of
the API or whatever that it changed sure
we could have made something simpler
whatever so it's really cool to have
that as an option it's the other side of
it is because it's going to be using the
view solution but it will also be
testing our solutions pass yeah note is
this somebody notes this is just on your
computer right now it's not in a it's
not something I should be like et right
that's like um yeah so in other news
I'll just quickly cover a couple of
quick things so I'm still working on the
MFF tutorial but the functionality of
being able to build tutorials that use
this file uploads has now been merged so
that's something that Michael and I
worked on together quite a few months
ago I think and has been ready but they
loved it Kyoko convinced me to separate
my pr's from each other it's a clever
plan and so it's now possible to build
file uploads lessons and we've also as
we've gone along with updates yeah oh
and I have been updating the
instructions for building tutorials so
those kind of get a little bit better
with each UX PR that we put in and we'll
have some people testing those soon as
they build content for ipfs camp um we
have an intro B chapter coming soon and
that's about it on my end it's very
cannon by Roby chapter yeah it's
exciting I think that will be our first
Africa section on our magically
self-producing list of chapters so
that's pretty cool and I will let Diego
show us next week views of some of the
stuff that he has added but it's now
possible as Ollie just mentioned as he
saw there to view the solution to any
lesson and I gave a heads up the Seattle
group is having their first meet up
today so give them a heads up about a
couple of new features like that that
you want to know in advance of your
attendees showing up so that's an option
and being able to log some things to the
UI if you want the user after they
submit code to see like oh what's in my
ipfs now you can have it share a message
so there's stuff like that that we can
give more where do you tell them what's
up anything else people wanted to talk
about I missed your chicken before the
meeting how's it going down quite well
over here great let's exciting things in
Denver I'd say the one thing I could
report on is I'm gonna be somebody good
talk for Denver startup week to try and
do a little bit of introduction stuff
for ipfs in general as well as
potentially proto school demo which it's
exciting really a large event here and I
should say oh wait I have announcements
I have event related things so we have
talked in the past on this call about
ipfs cube which is coming up in late
June in Barcelona and the deadline for
applying ipfs camp is tomorrow so I've
mentioned this before but if you are
involved in building the community
around IVFs that would be a good thing
to mention when you apply PFS camping is
a selective process as opposed to just a
sign up so do share all your interest in
and work to build the community as well
as cool stuff you're just doing with
ipfs and the event is not so if if
people are like purely interested in
ipfs because of val coin you probably
won't get a content you're hoping to get
and ipfs camp we're really kind of
focusing on IVFs itself but i hope that
i will see some of the chapter
organizers there and I know a lot of
already applied and then my other news
as of yesterday we have officially
launched offline camp so
I can be less cagey about my
announcements now so that will be
happening August 2nd to 5th in Grants
Pass Oregon in a lodge to lodges in the
woods and protocol labs is our first
sponsor sign on that event is for people
who are interested in offline first
which is sort of this movement aimed at
making technology work in low bandwidth
there no bandwidth scenarios so the
event is not specifically about
decentralized but some people when they
approach offline first choose to solve
the problems and centralize them don't
and anyone who's interested in those
issues is welcome so you can check out
offline first org slash camp is the
official site there if you don't learn
more about that event or feel free to
ping me if you have questions that we'd
love to see some and some people
applying there that's really fun
announcements I think dan has been
helping us with ideas for faux fire
because this is will be our first time
having an event based on campfires in
the location with fire band at the time
that we're there and we don't want to
burn now in the Pacific Northwest that
happens by itself we need to contribute
so good and creative will see what what
recipe we end up with there a surprising
number of resources on the internet
about building faux campfire so we'll
get there anything else that sounds like
a really sweet nature of the internet
but it's there's so many there's like
paint pool noodles to look like logs you
got your streamers fans blowing on them
you got your white noise crackling
sounds you got like LED lights through
like red haze to make the coal you know
there's a lot of options so to rabbit
hole of options sounds exciting you just
have to be sure that it's not too
realistic looking otherwise my kids form
an interesting yeah
we're not enough fit we won't be caught
I think unless we'd literally catch the
forest on fire I think we're so remote
that not many people yes sounds good
cool anything else pro school-related
front it's looking really good you guys
I'm excited to see it progress
yeah it's been really helpful having do
you go around so we can crank things out
a little faster with all the new UX
features it's gonna give a lot more
options as we build content so it's been
very cool other people help to you Ali
Michael etc all good cool all right well
I will let you guys have a little time
back and we'll see you all next week
awesome thanks guys